- Previously on
"Sons of Anarchy"...
- Caracara?
Yeah, it's the porn biz
we used to handle.
Girls on that list,
they need a booker.
- Diosa Norte.
- Okay.
I remember you.
I volunteered here because
I have some things I need
to tell you.
The club didn't betray you.
This RICO case will kill SAMCRO.
Anything you need,
they'll try and make it happen.
Get on your knees.
- I'm not gonna do that.
- Me either.
Let's go up to the cabin
for a couple of days,
just the two of us.
What about the boys?
Who's gonna watch 'em?
I love you, sweetheart.
If we hooked up right now,
it'd just ruin us.
There ain't no "us," Gemma!
And you got no friends.
Open your eyes, mother.
Everybody knows who you are.
- Can I buy you a drink?
- Why not?
- How's Rita?
- Didn't make it.
It looks like Rita clawed back
at one of 'em.
Sheriffs are running the DNA.
It feels local.
Someone trying to tear shit up
from the inside.
You weren't supposed
to kill her!
♪♪ [Rock]
♪ Jesus lookin' out for you ♪
♪ But is he
lookin' out for me? ♪
♪ Tired eyes
that hold the tears ♪
♪ Burn red
till it's hard to see ♪
Sheriff's got skin
from her fingernails.
- You're in the system.
- Can't convict on just DNA.
His skin comes back a match,
murder blows back on all of us.
So what do we do?
Unser's all over this shit.
What, the ex-cop?
Ain't no such thing
as an ex-cop.
He knows these attacks are
coming from the inside.
Why does he give a shit?
It's personal.
Look...
You guys are gonna have
to get out of town.
Leave Charming for a few weeks.
And what happens with our deal?
We get you back at the head of
the table and we get a piece
of your end.
Guns, drugs, all of it, man.
You promised us.
These break-ins were supposed
to put pressure on Jax,
not a homicide investigation
on me.
Shit, we didn't wanna hit
the cop.
You're the one that sent us...
You killed her!
It was an accident!
Tell that to the DA!
(glass breaks, pan clangs)
(TV plays indistinctly)
(audience laughing on TV)
(TV program continues)
(cars passing by outside)
(motorcycles approach)
You're a hard man to find.
Can we talk?
Trouble?
Not sure.
What happened to your land?
Sold it to the county.
Cancer ain't cheap.
Providing overnight security
services to my former business
establishment...
exchange for their, uh...
lovely setting.
They give you a badge?
(laughs)
What's on your mind, son?
I talked to Eli.
I need to know everything you
got on these home invasions.
It ain't much.
Just a few leftover bruises
and a feeling.
That feeling got a name?
Come on.
You've been busy.
It's good to have a hobby.
How is it us?
We ain't trying to jam you up.
If it is Samcro,
it wasn't a club call.
We just want to know
who you're looking at.
(Unser sighs)
I've been digging into
the three hits on the club,
including mine.
They hardly took anything.
Just trashed the place,
threw a beat-down and split.
That ain't a robbery.
That's a message.
What about Roosevelt?
That one was a mistake.
They underestimated
the wife of a cop.
Pope would be the obvious
fall guy for all of this.
It wasn't black that jumped me.
Who has something to gain
by making the club look weak?
Turning the town
and the sheriffs against them?
Suddenly the pretty guy
they gave the gavel to,
he ain't looking
all that smart.
Who does it for him?
Who's new?
Nomads.
Look, man,
we better have some proof
before we start throwing
brothers in the mix.
Rita got a good scratch
into one of 'em.
DNA comes back conclusive,
we don't need a mix.
The Nomads are staying at
Lowell's old place on Bethel.
Why don't you stop by?
Tell 'em you're
a friend of the club,
just giving an introduction.
Feel those guys out
a little bit.
What about Clay?
Clay's my problem.
Clay takes back the gavel.
He keeps the drugs, the guns,
the cash flowing.
Cleans up before he steps away.
It's always been
his retirement plan.
It still is.
Oh, shit!
Where's my wallet?
(engine starts)
Goddamn it!
Shit!
No!
No, you son of a bitch!
Ugh!
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
Where you taking it?
Hey.
We're going up north
to the Easy Rider bike shows.
Do 'em every year.
Right on.
- How long you gone?
- Couple weeks.
I gave Juice my proxy info.
All my dues are square.
It's probably a good time
to split, all this heat:
home invasions, dead wives.
Charming's become a very messy
place since you guys showed up.
Yeah.
Where are Greg and Gogo?
Not sure.
Hey.
You should stay in touch.
See, I'm real close
to figuring out
who's behind these attacks.
When I know,
I need everyone's input,
how we hurt
the guys responsible.
Whatever you need, brother,
I'm there.
Absolutely.
Morning.
Hey.
Wayne Unser.
I don't believe we formally met.
It's Greg.
What are you doing here, man?
Friend of the club,
just wanted to stop by
and make an introduction.
Well, I gotta get this done,
so...
Don't let me stop you.
The other fellas around?
Dude, it's not a good time,
all right?
We got shit to do.
Oh, here you go.
Oh, hey, morning.
Wayne Unser.
What's going on?
I was telling Greg I just wanted
to come by and say hello.
Yeah, well, we're in
the middle of something.
Oh. Hey, you get into it
with one of them crow-eaters?
What?
Scratches on your chest there.
Yeah, my girl likes it
a little rough.
Oh, I guess so.
Where you fellas headed?
You know...
you ask a lot of questions
for a guy who's just here
to say hello.
Oh, that's in my nature.
Sometimes I forget I'm retired.
Yeah, well...
maybe you should remember that.
Greg, let's go.
Hey, nice meeting you.
Have a good run.
- Hey, darling.
- Hey.
- Hey, I was just showing
the guys around.
Jackie boy,
this place is fantastic!
I'm so excited.
Of course you are.
Are you doing good?
Yeah.
Yeah, Nero's a good guy.
Hey!
Morning.
Looks like Lyla's working out,
huh?
Oh, yeah, she's great.
Any flack from Carla?
No.
I'm pretty sure she's moved on.
I just got a call from that
other crazy chick in our lives.
Shit. What now?
Well, we'll see if
the manager saw anything.
Come on.
The Armenians run the chop shops
around here. I got my guys
looking for the SUV.
If I wanted them to come,
I would've called them.
What the hell happened?
I crashed here last night
and someone stole my Caddy.
Someone?
Since when do you drink
banana vodka?
What happened?
I, um...
woke up to take a piss,
and, uh...
he stole my wallet and my SUV.
I don't remember his name.
Jesus Christ.
Who are you?
This is why I called you
'cause I don't need that shit.
Damn.
I'm sorry you got pulled
into this.
She's a goddamn train wreck.
She's still your mother, ese.
Respect that.
You know, she's caught
between a husband she hates
and a kid she thinks hates her.
Women like your mom, Jax-- they
don't do so good without family.
- (cell phone ringing)
- Hmm?
Go easy.
(speaks Spanish)
Jax. Clerk didn't
remember nothing.
He said that whoever stayed
in that room paid cash for it.
Hey, listen. My guys--
they found the Escalade.
And the dude is there.
Go. I'll get her home.
Sorry.
I didn't know
anybody was in here.
(sighs)
Otto, huh?
We're gonna have to say
something to each other
sooner or later.
No, we won't.
Jax should've killed me.
You and I both know
I'm living on borrowed time.
What? Now I'm supposed
to feel sorry for you?
No, you're supposed to hate me.
Like you do.
You're not on borrowed time.
To me, you're already dead.
Stay away.
(sighs)
What happened, Clay?
What'd you do to her?
Same thing I always do.
What do you want?
Greg the Peg just called
looking for you.
Sounded important.
(sighs)
Shit.
He showed up an hour ago
with the Escalade.
He's part of a crew.
Scams older broads,
jacks their shit.
Cocky prick.
So this may go hard, eh?
No worries.
Just don't do it here, huh?
That's him.
Hey! Hey!
(door slams)
Out front.
♪♪ [Rock]
Shit!
Hey!
- (tires screeching)
- (horn honks)
♪ I been away for too long ♪
♪♪ [continues]
Hey, hey, Jax!
This piece of shit!
You want to be on the 5:00 news?
Take what's yours.
Let's get out of here.
I should kill you
for what you did to my mother.
That makes sense. But you're
not gonna do that, right?
Not today.
Check his pockets.
Oh!
That's, like, 3K, man.
Good.
Which is fair.
So just call it even?
No, we won't.
Well, I guess I'm walking.
What the hell's going on?
I thought I told you to split.
Yeah, we tried.
Unser came by the house
this morning, spotted Gogo.
Saw the scratches.
- Shit!
- Yeah, that ain't it.
Jax rattled Frankie, man.
He and Unser both know
we did the break-ins.
They're coming after us.
Where are the others?
They're spun out, Clay.
Frankie and Gogo-- they're
talking about killing Unser.
It's all turned to shit, man.
I don't know what to do.
They're right.
Unser's got to go.
He's onto me, too.
You go to Frankie and Gogo,
tell them I came to you,
made the request.
I want the three of you
to meet me in two hours
at his Airstream.
Back of Unser's Trucking.
I'll get there first.
Make sure all the weapons
are out of reach.
Don't be late.
Clay...
What are we gonna do?
You're gonna put
on your masks...
you're gonna break in...
and you're gonna kill him.
I just want to have something
when I see him.
Some kind of peace offering
or personal thing.
Something that reminds him
of what he used to love.
Well, Otto ain't gonna want
to look at pictures of us.
Bring him shit
that reminds him of Luann.
That'll get you closer.
Where can I get more on her?
Gemma? They were best friends.
Mm.
- Oh, hey.
- Hey.
- You talk to Jax?
- About what?
Um...
- My SUV got stolen.
- Oh, my God.
- I'm sorry.
- Yeah.
Can I ask you
about Luann Delaney?
What about her?
Jax is putting together
a care package for Otto,
and I was thinking
it might be nice
to include something
that reminded him of Luann.
Oh, that's sweet.
Well, he liked
to watch her movies.
But I'm guessing they're
not gonna let you bring
a stack of old videotapes
in there.
Probably not.
Perfume.
Otto loved that goddamn perfume.
Smelled like cum and patchouli.
(chuckles)
It was god-awful.
But he wouldn't let her wear
anything else.
It came in a blue bottle.
It's like Blue Roses,
Blue Violet,
something like that.
(motorcycles approaching)
Thank you.
We, uh, got to get back to work.
We open shop in two days.
Hey, thanks, brother.
No problem, man.
How'd you get her SUV back?
Friends.
You ready to go?
Pretty much.
I packed our bags.
I just need
to go by St. Thomas
and change a few appointments,
pick up the boys.
All right, great.
I'll meet you back here.
Mm-hmm.
(sighs)
I'm sorry
I embarrassed you.
It's okay.
You and Tara...
that's all gonna get worked out.
I know.
What's going on with you, Mom?
(sighs)
After my Thomas died...
I did the worst thing
a mother could do.
I...
I made you make up
for the love
that he couldn't give me
anymore.
I'm sorry, Jackson.
I'm sorry that I've
always been too much.
You know, when he died...
I felt so bad.
I know, baby.
It wasn't
because he was dead.
It's because I would have you
all to myself.
And I knew how wrong that was.
I love you, Mom.
And we're gonna get
through all this.
I promise.
Come here.
(sobbing)
It's all right.
Hey.
Just call me and let me know.
All right.
(engine starting)
What's going on?
We should talk.
Can I come in?
You ain't gonna like
what I've done to the place.
Never have.
What do you want?
I guess I earned
that level of trust.
Yeah, you did.
Sorry.
Me too.
(groans)
I've made a lot
of mistakes, Wayne.
Nobody's seen
more of them than you.
If this is a confessional,
maybe you should let me
turn on a recorder.
You know, I miss Chief Unser.
Oswald is gonna beat Hale
in the next election.
He's already talking about
reinstating Charming PD.
Wouldn't it be nice to see you
come out of retirement?
That's a noble plan,
but I suspect I'll be dead
in a year.
Is this what you've come
to talk about?
You were right.
These home invasions--
they're an inside job.
Nomads.
And how do you know about that?
(phone ringing)
Yeah?
They're pulling up already.
Okay, thanks.
What should I do?
Just head back to TM.
Clay, what's going on?
(snaps phone shut)
(engine starting)
That thing loaded?
Yeah, why?
(sighs)
You were a good friend, Wayne.
I'm sorry I wrecked that too.
(door opens)
Oh, shit.
Jesus Christ.
How did you know
they would show up here?
After we talked in the hospital,
I started digging into them.
They were already
onto your suspicions.
So when I saw them skipping
town, I figured...
this might be a stop.
These two and the other one,
they, uh--
they ain't the brightest trio
in the choir.
Someone else had to be
calling the shots.
I wasn't trying to sabotage Jax.
You think I would've stopped
them from blowing your head off?
Maybe sentimentality
got the best of you.
Ain't my nature.
No.
I guess not.
See, you being here is
just gonna complicate shit.
You should split.
What about them?
I'll let the sheriffs
handle it.
I'll keep you
out of the mix, Clay,
but these two are part
of a murder investigation.
It could land hard
on the club.
He's got a nine-mil slug
in his head.
(gunshot)
I put a nine in his skull
'cause he kept coming at me.
Okay.
Watch your back, Wayne.
There's still one
of them out there.
(door opens)
Yeah.
I'm watching.
Unser spotted some gnarly
scratches on Gogo's chest.
Shit. Rita.
Got to be why he and Greg
were heading out of town,
just like Frankie.
Let's call Quinn.
We got to find out everything
we can about these Nomads.
(door opens)
What?
Unser just called.
Greg and Gogo
tried to kill him.
He shot them both.
They're dead.
Jesus Christ.
When?
Just happened.
What about Frankie?
Wasn't there.
Sheriff's on his way.
Wayne sounded real bad.
I'm gonna head over.
Yeah, okay.
Why the hell would the Nomads
try and kill Unser?
Unser's been digging
into these home invasions.
He thinks
they might be internal.
Maybe he was getting
a little too close.
You think the Nomads were
the ones doing the attacks?
That makes no sense.
It does if you're trying
to compromise the club
and bring a shitload of heat
to our front door.
The Nomads are on
someone's payroll.
Pope.
I'm not sure.
There's still one more
out there.
We track down Frankie,
maybe we get the truth.
All right.
Uh, excuse me.
You okay?
Yeah.
You didn't have to come.
I'm fine.
Can we sit and have a smoke?
Yeah, sure.
(engine starting)
They didn't say anything?
Nope.
Just busted in,
masks, guns out.
I been keeping the double barrel
close since the beat-down.
Shit.
This is bad, Wayne.
Whatever it is...
it's really bad.
Yeah. I know, sweetheart.
Listen...
the shit I said the other day...
You were pissed.
Saw that guy heading
into your house.
Guess I was just
feeling like...
Too many people feeling shit.
That's the problem.
What you said was the truth.
More people would do that,
there'd be less bodies
lying on the floors.
But don't do it again.
- Oh, shit.
- What?
Tara and I are supposed to go up
to the cabin for a few days.
That's not a bad idea.
Sheriffs are gonna be
all over us.
Maybe you could run things from
the cabin till this cools off.
- (child giggles)
- Yeah, okay.
(growling)
- Hey.
Elyda bailed on us again.
Something about her mom.
I have a call to a pediatrics
nurse that I trust.
I'm sorry, baby.
Why don't we let Gemma
stay with them?
Come on, babe.
You got to cut her
some slack.
(Tara sighs)
Okay.
Yeah.
Where is she?
She went to see Unser.
You should give her a call.
Thank you.
I got some shit
to handle here.
It's gonna be a while
before we can leave.
Let me head up.
Gemma can pick up
the boys here.
I'll make some dinner,
air the place out.
That'd be great.
I want Tig
to ride up with you.
Yeah.
Really?
Oh, come on. I mean,
what if there's snakes
in the cabinets,
grizzlies under the bed?
Right.
(snorts)
I love you.
Hurry up.
Yes, ma'am.
Tiggy, eyes open.
Nothing touches her, boss.
(growls)
Why don't you give me
the night with Tara?
I'll tell her what's going on.
You guys can come up tomorrow.
Cool.
Gemma will be by later,
pick up the boys.
I need you with me.
Where are we going?
Check on a sick friend.
(phone rings)
Everything okay?
Yeah. I was wondering
if you could watch the boys
while Jax and I are
at the cabin.
Elyda's mom is sick again.
Well, yeah.
Yeah, sure, of course.
Uh, where are they?
At the clubhouse.
You can pick them up here.
There's plenty of milk
pumped in the fridge.
Yeah, okay.
I'm trusting you'll be safe
with them, Gemma.
Always.
Okay. We'll check in tomorrow.
Yeah, okay.
Hey, thanks for driving.
Sure, any time.
(woman giggles)
Date's over.
What are you doing here?
I'm sorry to startle you, ma'am,
but you should get home
to your family.
I need to talk
to your friend.
Come on, man.
Hey, go home!
So what now?
(Warren grunting)
Now we call it even.
(knocking)
You knew Unser was
onto the Nomads.
Just giving an old friend
a heads-up.
Did you kill Greg and Gogo?
The Nomads are working
for somebody else.
They ain't members.
They're traitors.
Jesus Christ, Clay,
you gotta tell the club.
(motorcycles approach)
I got a feeling they might
already know.
Hey, Juicy...
I'm sorry I dragged you
into this.
(knocking)
- I need a minute.
- Let's go, Juicy.
No O2?
You must be breathing
a little easier.
Yeah.
That coffee's almost ready.
It's not gonna take that long.
You're using the Nomads
to undermine my leadership.
You're the one behind
these home invasions.
(Clay scoffs)
Now it's backfired.
I know you think
I'm the devil, son,
and you got every right
to assume
that I'd be the one
setting fire to your table.
But...
I would be willing to bet
whatever life I got left
that the guy doing this
is setting fire
to everybody
you and me love.
This is Pope.
Then let's find Frankie,
get the truth,
take it to the table.
Let Samcro decide
who lives and dies.
Fair enough.
♪♪ [Rock]
♪ I am a passenger ♪
♪ And I ride and I ride ♪
♪ I ride through the city ♪
♪ I see the skies
come out of the sky ♪
♪ Yeah, the bright
and hollow sky ♪
♪ You know it looks
so good tonight ♪
♪ I am the passenger ♪
♪ I stay under a glass ♪
♪ I look through
my window so bright ♪
♪ I see the stars
come out tonight ♪
♪ I see the bright
and hollow sky ♪
♪ Over the city is
a rippin' sky ♪
♪ And everything
looks good tonight ♪
♪♪ [continues]
♪ Get into the car ♪
♪ We'll be the passenger ♪
(Chibs yells)
Shit!
(tires squeal)
♪ He sees the stars
come out tonight ♪
♪♪ [continues]
♪ All of it was made
for you and me ♪
♪ It just belongs
to you and me ♪
♪ So let's take a ride
and see what's mine ♪
(tires squeal)
(truck horn blaring)
Shit!
(Thomas crying)
(crying continues)
(Abel moaning)